Restrict the `wrangler deploy` delegation to `opennextjs-cloudflare deploy` only when the `--x-autoconfig` flag is used (#11796)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/common-readers-draw.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> Restrict the `wrangler deploy` delegation to `opennextjs-cloudflare deploy` only when the `--x-autoconfig` flag is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wrangler deploy` delegaties to `opennextjs-cloudflare deploy` only when the `--x-autoconfig` flag is used
```

> The `wrangler deploy` command has been updated to delegate to the `opennextjs-cloudflare deploy` command when run in an open-next project. Once this behavior has been introduced it caused a few issues so it's been decided to enable it for the time being only when the `--x-autoconfig` flag it set (since this behavior although generally valid is only strictly necessary for the `wrangler deploy`'s autoconfig flow).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `wrangler deploy` command has been updated to delegate to the `opennextjs-cloudflare deploy` command when run in an open-next project. Once this behavior had been introduced it caused a few issues. So it's been decided to enable it for the time being only when the `--x-autoconfig` flag is set (since this behavior, although generally valid, is only strictly necessary for the `wrangler deploy`'s autoconfig flow).
```
